The Location of this Hotel was very exciting. It was secluded so that the view from our suit was amazing yet the distance to all the attractions were not far at all.I always enjoy staying in hotels that are not in the middle of somewhere yet not too far away that it takes forever just to go out to dinner. There were so many fancy cuisines that were so close to us it was wonderful. The Price of our stay was a little high but well worth it. There were no internet charges, breakfast was free (if you were up early enough for it) and we had everything we could have possibly needed for our stay. Room service was great, the cost for a banana split was seven dollars but it was big enough to feed an entire family! Everything that may have cost a little extra was made well worth it in quality and quantity. The staff was very kind and helpful, carrying our bags to the room and giving us a tour on the way up.The room was very spacious and the view from the balcony was unbelievable. We had plenty of privacy and didn't have any trouble sleeping, or hearing any of our neighbors. Standing on the balcony in the morning drinking our coffee just made us feel like it was going to be a wonderful day. The staff never bothered us, and when came back in from an outing the room was spotless and smelling great again. There was a very convenient trolley that was able to take us all the way around the hotel showing us all the activities that are available to tourists. It was not super packed so we had plenty of time to sit back and enjoy the ride and the view. There was horse back riding, bike riding trails, a petting zoo, and some very nice restaurants we will be going to! Our recent stay at Honolulu INN was beyond our expectations. The staff was amazing being very careful with our belongings, always keeping our room clean and knowing the information we asked for, the price of everything was a little expensive but with everything that was offered it was well worth it. the attractions were so convenient and the trolley made it so much fun to see them all before we got to check them out for ourselves. The Hotel could not have been located in a better place with plenty of privacy, a great view from our room and still close to do all the things we had wanted to do.The over all stay was great and we cant wait to go back!